Include documentation defintion files in pyodide releases (#4946)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/usage/downloading-and-deploying.md

For additional suggestions for optimizing the size and load time for Pyodide,
see the [Emscripten documentation about
deployments](https://emscripten.org/docs/compiling/Deploying-Pages.html).

> ## Contents of Pyodide github releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Contents of Pyodide GitHub releases
```

(nit)

| :---------------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| pyodide.asm.js    | The JavaScript half of the main "binary". Direct output from the Emscripten compiler. Contains the Emscripten bootstrap code + all JavaScript libraries used by C + the JavaScript/Wasm runtime interop APIs.                                     |
| pyodide.asm.wasm  | The WebAssembly half of the main "binary". Direct output from the Emscripten compiler. Contains all C library code that is statically linked. Also includes enough of libcxx to support things like exceptions in extension modules that use C++. |
| pyodide.js        | Exports loadPyodide on globalThis. Legacy support for people who can't use es6 modules for whatever reason. Prefer pyodide.mjs.                                                                                                                   |

> | pyodides.mjs      | A small JS loader shim which exports loadPyodide. It manages downloading the runtime and handling user settings.                                                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| pyodide.mjs      | A small JS loader shim which exports loadPyodide. It manages downloading the runtime and handling user settings.                                                                                                                                  |
```

based on the description for `pyodide.js` – this should be `pyodide.mjs`

> | python_stdlin.zip | The Python Standard Library for pyodide. A zip file consisting of the Python Lib folder (except a few things we've unvendored) and the Pyodide Python runtime libraries. Mounted directly into the Pyodide FS and imported using ZipImporter.     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| python_stdlib.zip | The Python Standard Library for pyodide. A zip file consisting of the Python Lib folder (except a few things we've unvendored) and the Pyodide Python runtime libraries. Mounted directly into the Pyodide FS and imported using ZipImporter.     |
```

> | python_stdlin.zip | The Python Standard Library for pyodide. A zip file consisting of the Python Lib folder (except a few things we've unvendored) and the Pyodide Python runtime libraries. Mounted directly into the Pyodide FS and imported using ZipImporter.     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| python_stdlib.zip | The Python Standard Library for pyodide. A zip file consisting of the Python Lib folder (except a few things we've unvendored) and the Pyodide Python runtime libraries. Mounted directly into the Pyodide FS and imported using ZipImporter.     |
```

> | package.json      | Tells node how to use Pyodide, since pyodide-core was primarily intended for use with node.                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| package.json      | The node package manifest for Pyodide                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> | pyodide-lock.json | Lockfile for Python packages, used by pyodide.loadPackage and micropip.install. Necessary in all cases.                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| pyodide-lock.json | Lockfile for Python packages, used by `pyodide.loadPackage()` and `micropip.install()`.                                                                                                                                           |
```

| ffi.d.ts        | Typescript type definitions, useful if you want to use Pyodide in a typescript project.                                                                                                              |
| pyodide.d.ts    | Typescript type definitions, useful if you want to use Pyodide in a typescript project.                                                                                                              |
| \*.whl          | Contains various Python Wheels like NumPy, Pandas, SciPy, etc. When downloading and including in a project, these no longer need to be loaded from Pyodide's online wheel repository during runtime. |
| \*.metadata     | Information about the included wheels, such as name, author, license, dependencies, etc. Allows more efficient package resolution, specified in [PEP 658](https://peps.python.org/pep-0658/).        |
| \*.zip          | These are shared libraries and unvendored Python standard library modules.                                                                                                                           |
|                 |

> | python          | Bash/node polyglot. Only needed for node < 18.                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| python          | Python CLI command that uses Pyodide as the interpreter  |
```

For additional suggestions for optimizing the size and load time for Pyodide,
see the [Emscripten documentation about
deployments](https://emscripten.org/docs/compiling/Deploying-Pages.html).

> ## Type Definitions of Pyodide files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Contents of Pyodide github releases
```

Author: Done!

> ### Core Release Files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Files in `pyodide-core-{{VERSION}}.tar.bz2`
```

Author: Done!

| pyodides.mjs      | A small JS loader shim which exports loadPyodide. It manages downloading the runtime and handling user settings.                                                                                                                                  |
| python_stdlin.zip | The Python Standard Library for pyodide. A zip file consisting of the Python Lib folder (except a few things we've unvendored) and the Pyodide Python runtime libraries. Mounted directly into the Pyodide FS and imported using ZipImporter      |
| package.json      | Tells node how to use Pyodide, since pyodide-core was primarily intended for use with node.                                                                                                                                                       |
| pyodide-lock.json | Lockfile for Python packages, used by pyodide.loadPackage and micropip.install. Necessary in all cases.                                                                                                                                           |

> ### Full Release Additional Files

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### Additional Files in `pyodide-{{VERSION}}.tar.bz2`
```

Author: Done!

| File Name               | Description                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| :---------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| fonts/                  | Used by matplotlib-pyodide.                                                                                                                                                                          |
| ffi.d.ts                | Typescript type definitions, useful if you want to use Pyodide in a typescript project                                                                                                               |
| pyodide.d.ts            | Typescript type definitions, useful if you want to use Pyodide in a typescript project                                                                                                               |

> | 227 \*.whl              | Contains various Python Wheels like NumPy, Pandas, SciPy, etc. When downloading and including in a project, these no longer need to be loaded from Pyodide's online wheel repository during runtime. |

Reviewer 2: These numbers are unlikely to stay up to date... We might need a script to check this.

Author: I removed the number of files. It is kind of unnecessary to include the exact number tbf.
